lifesaving grace
I keep it in my heart and I won't forget it.
But not to love is not to love
Have you really changed your mind?
I can allow you to stand in front of me
It is already the greatest tolerance for you.
You can accept what I give you
What I don't give you, you can't burn fat
Make up never
Since he doesn't want you
Then I'll issue a clearing order and allow you to be my dog
No matter power or wealth, I can satisfy you
I can even give you a wife
The son of General Xia's favor
That's something our Gu family can't ask for in eight lifetimes
Promise
Oh, brother, don't miss this village girl
Promise him
I don't know how true or false the words of the next commander are
This prodigal son has just been established for not a minute
You can't go too fast.
Young Han, even if you are not the empress
But you ruined my future
I must have you
We destroyed you with our own hands
Sorry.
I'm not a dog
Hmph, if you want to look up, you have to learn to bow your head first
Don't you understand this?
It seems that I look up to you
You wait for today.
Don't be afraid husband
If anything happens, I'll protect you
There we go.
It's getting late.
Why don't you stay here?
No, I have something to do, I'll go first, hey